In java ,Super keyword is used to refer to the superclass(parent class) of the current object.
Its often used in the following contexts.


1)Accessing the Parent Class Constructor: You can use super() to call a constructor from the parent class.
2)Accessing Parent Class Methods and fileds:- You can use super.methodName() or super.fieldName to refer to methods or fields of parent class

Purpose of super:
*)To access or call members (fileds or methods) of the parent class.
*)To invoke constructor of the parent class to initialize the parent class part of the object.


By default Every Constructor will have the super() methods declared (Which we cant see),like even if we dont mention it will be there.

And if u have like this , super() will be there by default
class A{
    A(){
        
        system.out.print("Heelo");
    }
}

//here the first thing it will see while executing is super() and not system.out

Super simply means call the constructor from the super class.


class A{
    public A(){
        System.out.println("This is From A");
    }
     A(int a){
         System.out.println("int a");
    }
}
class B extends A{
    B(){
        super(6);
        System.out.println("This is from B");
    }
B(int b){
    super(b);
    System.out.println("Int from B");
}

}
For this example,
We all know the subcasss (B in this case ) will have super method automatically called ,
but what about A? Ya we know A class also has super() keyword in the constructor,

So every class in java extends Object (We all know).Even if u dont mention , it is extending..
So superclass will call the super() constructor of the Object class


this() keyword:-This will execute the constructor of the same class .like if u want to execute both 
constructor of the same class  (default and parameterized ).use "this()";


class B {
    B(){
        sout("Hello");
    }
    B(int b){
        this();
        sout("Hello from b constrcutr")
    }
}

so when u call the parametrized constructor in the object , it will execute both.


So summerize super() in Java:
The super keyword is used to refer to the parent class in several contexts.Its particularly helpful when dealing
with inheritance and method overloading.

1)Using super() in Constructors:
Where its used:super() is used in the child class constructor to call a costructor from the parent class.

Purpose: This is needed when the parent class has a constructor with parameters or when u want to initialize the parent 
class part of the object before the chld class specific intialization.

How it works: When super() is called, it invokes the constructor of the parent class. If you don't explicitly call it, 
the default constructor of the parent class is invoked (if present).


2)Using super.method() to call parent class methods:
You use super.method() to explicitly call a method from the parent class.
This is useful when u want to call a method from the parent class in the child class, even if the child class has overridde that method.


How it works: If you have overridden a method in the child class, super.method() allows you to access the parent class’s version of that method. 
If the method is not overridden, it will simply call the parent class's method.


3. Using super to Access Parent Class Fields:
Where it's used: You can use super.fieldName to refer to a field in the parent class.
Purpose: This is necessary when the child class has a field with the same name as the one in the parent class (name hiding) or if you want to refer
 to the parent class's field directly.
How it works: super.fieldName accesses the field in the parent class, even if it is shadowed by a field in the child class.